Hello and welcome to another lesson on Generative Adversarial Networks or GANs.
I'm Cezanne Camacho, a Deep Learning and Computer Vision Content Developer.
Today, we have a special guest joining us, Jun-Yan Zhu,
who's a researcher at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.
Thanks for joining us, Jun-Yan.
Yes, thanks. So I'm looking forward to teaching you more about GANs.
Jun-Yan is one of the creators of something called a CycleGAN,
which is a type of generative adversarial network that you'll learn about in this lesson.
Could you tell us a bit about your background?
So I have been studying Computer Vision and Machine Learning for a number of years.
So before coming to MIT,
I was pursuing my PhD first at CMU and then to UC Berkeley.
So I have been able to focus on
building machines capable of recreating and understanding our visual world.
So how did you first become interested in recreating the visual world?
Yes. So, while I was a little kid,
I often avoided homework by some random dude [inaudible].
So I have a piece of white paper,
I sketched some comics and characters on a paper.
I only have one piece of paper,
I erased it and drew the next [inaudible].
So I'm not trying to become like a professional artist
but I just try to tell my own story,
but on a tiny piece of paper.
So one thing I would like to make sure is to
delete the odd evidence before my mom entered the room.
It turned out that there's a six-year-old kid,
Tom, did a very similar thing.
So fortunately, his father,
a Photoshop artist, turned his son's wild imagination into realistic rendering.
But not many of us are creators,
not many of us have a father with Photoshop expertise.
So in this lesson,
so we aim to build a machine capable of creating and manipulating photos,
then we can use these machines as a training tools for content.
Visual Content Creation is not only for experts but for everyone in the world.
So in this lesson,
I will teach you all about CycleGAN and Pix2Pix formulations.
These are both types of adversarial networks that can lead to transform
images for a whole set of data into images that look like another set.
For example, they can transform images of horses into images of zebras.
Similarly, they can turn your drawings into realistic images of cats.
The task they solve is called Image-to-image translation.
So let's see how it works.